<!--
  ~ Copyright 2004-2015 ICEsoft Technologies Canada Corp.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the
  ~ License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS
  ~ IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
  ~ express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  ~ governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
                xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core"
                xmlns:auction="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/components">
    <h:panelGroup id="aboutWrap" layout="block" styleClass="w75 center">
	    <ace:accordion id="acc" collapsible="false">
	        <ace:accordionPane title="Demo Overview">
	            <h:outputLink value="http://www.icesoft.org/" target="_blank">
	               <h:graphicImage library="images" name="icesoft-logo.png" styleClass="aboutImage"/>
	            </h:outputLink>
				<p>This Auction Monitor application demonstrates various features
					of ICEfaces, from the rich ACE components to ICEpush and many useful
					JSF techniques. This application was rapidly developed with the help
					of the ICEfaces framework.</p>
				<p>The Auction List tab displays a generated list of randomized
					auction items, and is the core page of the application. You can bid
					on the items, and other users will automatically see the various
					updates thanks to Ajax Push. Items have additional details when
					selected in the list, and you can generate a graph of previous bids.
					The Auction List also supports an export feature to download the
					current data in various file formats.</p>
				<p>Note the Auction List tab will adjust the style, data, and
					format when the application is viewed on a small screen mobile
					device (like a cellphone) compared to a web browser on a desktop.
					This is achieved using ICEfaces MOBI components, specifically
					mobi:smallView and mobi:largeView.</p>
				<p>The Auction Logs tab keeps track of various notification
					messages, such as bids and new items. These will be displayed
					dynamically at the top of the application in a notification bar, but
					the full list can be viewed here at any time.</p>
				<p>The Add Auction tab allows you to customize then list
					fabricated auction items, with all the fields configurable using
					various input components.</p>
				<p>The Chat tab is used to talk with other users of the
					application. There are a few chat rooms to join, and sent messages
					will automatically update for each user as they come in. You can
					customize how the chat is positioned for ease of use, such as in a
					floating popup dialog instead of the tab.</p>
				<p>The Settings tab demonstrates how an application can be
					customized on a per-user basis. In this case we provide the option
					to save your settings to browser cookies, but a database or other
					persistence system could have been used instead. Many ACE components
					are shown on this page.</p>
			</ace:accordionPane>
			<ace:accordionPane title="ICEfaces Details">
			    <h:outputLink value="http://www.icesoft.org/java/projects/ICEfaces/" target="_blank">
			        <h:graphicImage library="images" name="icefaces.png" styleClass="aboutImage"/>
			    </h:outputLink>
				<p>ICEfaces is an open-source Rich Internet Application (RIA)
					development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 2 standard.
					ICEfaces extends JavaServer Faces to simplify development and
					enhance the standard JSF feature set - simultaneously improving
					developer efficiency and expanding the spectrum of RIA capabilities
					that can be included in any JSF-based web application.</p>
				<p>ICEfaces is much more than a suite of rich components.
					Innovative framework features simplify development and transcend the
					capabilities of standard JavaServer Faces. In particular, two key
					ICEfaces JSF framework extensions, Automatic Ajax and Ajax Push,
					will reshape your thinking about how RIA's are developed with Java
					Ajax, and what they can do.</p>
				<p>ICEfaces application development is essentially Java EE /
					JavaServer Faces development, which promotes a component-based
					architecture using familiar tag-based declarative UI definition, and
					dynamic data binding into the server-resident application data
					model. ICEfaces provides application developers with a familiar Java
					Enterprise development model that completely shelters them from the
					complexities of low-level Ajax development in JavaScript.</p>
				<h:outputLink value="http://www.icesoft.org/java/projects/ICEfaces/" target="_blank">Read More</h:outputLink>
			</ace:accordionPane>
			<ace:accordionPane title="ICEpdf Details">
			<h:outputLink value="http://www.icesoft.org/java/projects/ICEpdf/" target="_blank">
			    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="icepdf.png" styleClass="aboutImage"/>
			</h:outputLink>
			<p>ICEpdf is an open source PDF engine for viewing, printing, and
				annotating PDF documents. The ICEpdf API is 100% Java, lightweight,
				fast, efficient, and very easy to use.</p>
			<p>ICEpdf can be used as standalone open source Java PDF viewer,
				or can be easily embedded in any Java application to seamlessly load
				or capture PDF documents. Beyond PDF document rendering, ICEpdf is
				extremely versatile, and can be used in a multitude of innovative
				ways, including:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>PDF to image conversion</li>
				<li>PDF annotation (see below)</li>
				<li>PDF text and/or image extraction</li>
				<li>PDF search</li>
				<li>PDF printing</li>
			</ul>
			<h:outputLink value="http://www.icesoft.org/java/projects/ICEpdf/" target="_blank">Read More</h:outputLink>
			</ace:accordionPane>
			<ace:accordionPane title="BridgeIt Details">
			    <h:outputLink value="http://bridgeit.mobi/" target="_blank">
			        <h:graphicImage library="images" name="bridgeit-logo.png" styleClass="aboutImage"/>
			    </h:outputLink>
				<p>BridgeIt enables any HTML5 web application to access a wide
					range of native mobile device capabilities using a very simple
					JavaScript API. BridgeIt is supported on the most popular mobile
					platforms, such as Apple iOS, Google Android, and Microsoft Windows
					Phone. Using BridgeIt, HTML5/JavaScript application developers can
					leverage such native-device features as:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Camera for photo and video recording</li>
					<li>Barcode scanning (using the camera)</li>
					<li>Contacts list</li>
					<li>Location tracking</li>
					<li>Microphone for audio recording</li>
					<li>Cloud-push for creating native device notifications from
						within the web-app.</li>
				</ul>
				<p>No native development, packaging, or app store publication is required.</p>
				<h:outputLink value="http://bridgeit.mobi/" target="_blank">Read More</h:outputLink>
			</ace:accordionPane>
	    </ace:accordion>
	
		<hr width="100%" />
		<h:outputText value="#{auctionService.productInfo}" style="font-style: italic;" />
	</h:panelGroup>
</ui:composition>
