<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--
  ~ Copyright 2004-2014 ICEsoft Technologies Canada Corp.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the
  ~ License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS
  ~ IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
  ~ express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  ~ governing permissions and limitations under the License.
  -->

<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
    xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
    xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    template="/resources/templates/content-template.xhtml">
<ui:define name="example">
    <div class="desc" style="margin: 0; padding: 0;">
	<p>
		The Desktop Showcase provides demonstrations for the key features
		available in the ICEfaces ACE and ICECORE components.<br/>
	</p>
	<h2>ACE Components</h2>
	<p>The ACE Components (ICEfaces Advanced Components) utilize a
		blend of server-side and client-based rendering techniques to provide
		a rich, responsive user-experience with reduced network and
		server-processing requirements.</p>
	<p>
		Key features:<br/>
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li><b>&#187;</b> Leverage powerful JavaScript components from
			3rd-party libraries, such as jQuery, while shielding ICEfaces
			application developers from having to learn/use JavaScript directly.</li>
		<li><b>&#187;</b> Support extensive client-side functionality to
			improve component richness, responsiveness, and scalability.</li>
		<li><b>&#187;</b> Provide a flexible and consistent approach to
			UI theming/skinning across all components, based on jQuery
			ThemeRoller themes.</li>
	</ul>
	<p>The ACE Component containers and dialogs are best-suited for
		desktop or tablet platforms. All other ACE components are also
		generally suitable for use on mobile devices such as smart-phones and
		are intended to be used in a mix-and-match fashion together with the
		MOBI (Mobile) components to provide comprehensive support for
		authoring mobile web-applications.</p>
	<h2>ICECORE Components</h2>
	<p>The ICECORE Components (ICEfaces Core Components) are a set of
		none-visual utililities that provide ready solutions for common
		problems in many JSF applications.</p> These components work at the ICEfaces framework level and can be used in conjunction with any supported JSF components, on all platforms (Desktop or Mobile). <h2>How
		are the Components Licensed?</h2>
	<p>The ACE Components are made available under the Apache License
		Version 2 open source License. All code modifications and component
		enhancements are free for developers to use, distribute and modify.</p>
    </div>
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>