<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
  ~ Copyright 2004-2013 ICEsoft Technologies Canada Corp.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the
  ~ License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS
  ~ IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
  ~ express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  ~ governing permissions and limitations under the License.
  -->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component"
      xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core">
<f:view>
    <h:head>
        <title>ICEfaces Output Connection Status Tutorial</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css" />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ice:panelGroup>
        <ice:outputConnectionStatus
                id="status"
                cautionLabel="Custom styling-Caution: Connection in danger."
                activeLabel="Custom styling-Active: Working."
                disconnectedLabel="Custom styling-Disconnected."
                inactiveLabel="Custom styling-Active: Idle."/>
        <hr />

        <p>ICEsoft Technologies Inc. is a commercial open source company and a
            leading global provider of rich Internet application solutions for
            desktop and mobile enterprise. Founded in 2001, ICEsoft products
            are used by over 10,000 enterprises worldwide, with a developer
            community now exceeding 150,000 developers.</p>
            
        <p>ICEsoft is the proud sponsor of the following commercial open source projects:</p>
        <ul>
            <li><b>ICEfaces</b> – is the most advanced JSF framework for
                enterprise application development. ICEfaces now offers over
                125 rich JSF / Ajax components, including the most advance JSF
                data table in the industry. ICEfaces also supports the widest
                array of third party and legacy technologies making it one of
                the most successful and widely deployed Java RIA technologies
                on the market today.</li>
            <li><b>ICEmobile</b> – is a revolutionary new product for the
                development and deployment of rich Internet applications for
                the mobile enterprise. ICEmobile is a hybrid solution that
                combines the best of native and web-based application
                development. With ICEmobile, developers can achieve the
                richness and responsiveness of native mobile applications,
                while reaping the cost benefits of web-based applications.</li>
            <li><b>ICEpdf</b> – is an open source, Java-based PDF engine for
                viewing, printing, and manipulating PDF documents. The ICEpdf
                API is 100% Java-based, lightweight, fast, efficient, and very
                easy to use. ICEpdf can be used as a standalone PDF viewer, or
                can be easily embedded in any Java application.</li>
        </ul>
        </ice:panelGroup>
        <h:form>
            <ice:commandButton value="Submit" actionListener="#{bean.sleep}"/>
        </h:form>
    </h:body>
</f:view>
</html>
